# CreateChatCompletionRequest

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**messages** | [**List&lt;ChatCompletionRequestMessage&gt;**](ChatCompletionRequestMessage.md) | A list of messages comprising the conversation so far. [Example Python code](https://cookbook.openai.com/examples/how_to_format_inputs_to_chatgpt_models). | 
**model** | **AnyOfCreateChatCompletionRequestModel** | ID of the model to use. See the [model endpoint compatibility](/docs/models/model-endpoint-compatibility) table for details on which models work with the Chat API. | 
**frequencyPenalty** | [**BigDecimal**](BigDecimal.md) | Number between -2.0 and 2.0. Positive values penalize new tokens based on their existing frequency in the text so far, decreasing the model&#x27;s likelihood to repeat the same line verbatim.  [See more information about frequency and presence penalties.](/docs/guides/text-generation/parameter-details)  |  [optional]
**logitBias** | **Map&lt;String, Integer&gt;** | Modify the likelihood of specified tokens appearing in the completion.  Accepts a JSON object that maps tokens (specified by their token ID in the tokenizer) to an associated bias value from -100 to 100. Mathematically, the bias is added to the logits generated by the model prior to sampling. The exact effect will vary per model, but values between -1 and 1 should decrease or increase likelihood of selection; values like -100 or 100 should result in a ban or exclusive selection of the relevant token.  |  [optional]
**logprobs** | **Boolean** | Whether to return log probabilities of the output tokens or not. If true, returns the log probabilities of each output token returned in the &#x60;content&#x60; of &#x60;message&#x60;. |  [optional]
**topLogprobs** | **Integer** | An integer between 0 and 20 specifying the number of most likely tokens to return at each token position, each with an associated log probability. &#x60;logprobs&#x60; must be set to &#x60;true&#x60; if this parameter is used. |  [optional]
**maxTokens** | **Integer** | The maximum number of [tokens](/tokenizer) that can be generated in the chat completion.  The total length of input tokens and generated tokens is limited by the model&#x27;s context length. [Example Python code](https://cookbook.openai.com/examples/how_to_count_tokens_with_tiktoken) for counting tokens.  |  [optional]
**n** | **Integer** | How many chat completion choices to generate for each input message. Note that you will be charged based on the number of generated tokens across all of the choices. Keep &#x60;n&#x60; as &#x60;1&#x60; to minimize costs. |  [optional]
**presencePenalty** | [**BigDecimal**](BigDecimal.md) | Number between -2.0 and 2.0. Positive values penalize new tokens based on whether they appear in the text so far, increasing the model&#x27;s likelihood to talk about new topics.  [See more information about frequency and presence penalties.](/docs/guides/text-generation/parameter-details)  |  [optional]
**responseFormat** | **OneOfCreateChatCompletionRequestResponseFormat** | An object specifying the format that the model must output. Compatible with [GPT-4o](/docs/models/gpt-4o), [GPT-4o mini](/docs/models/gpt-4o-mini), [GPT-4 Turbo](/docs/models/gpt-4-and-gpt-4-turbo) and all GPT-3.5 Turbo models newer than &#x60;gpt-3.5-turbo-1106&#x60;.  Setting to &#x60;{ \&quot;type\&quot;: \&quot;json_schema\&quot;, \&quot;json_schema\&quot;: {...} }&#x60; enables Structured Outputs which guarantees the model will match your supplied JSON schema. Learn more in the [Structured Outputs guide](/docs/guides/structured-outputs).  Setting to &#x60;{ \&quot;type\&quot;: \&quot;json_object\&quot; }&#x60; enables JSON mode, which guarantees the message the model generates is valid JSON.  **Important:** when using JSON mode, you **must** also instruct the model to produce JSON yourself via a system or user message. Without this, the model may generate an unending stream of whitespace until the generation reaches the token limit, resulting in a long-running and seemingly \&quot;stuck\&quot; request. Also note that the message content may be partially cut off if &#x60;finish_reason&#x3D;\&quot;length\&quot;&#x60;, which indicates the generation exceeded &#x60;max_tokens&#x60; or the conversation exceeded the max context length.  |  [optional]
**seed** | **Integer** | This feature is in Beta. If specified, our system will make a best effort to sample deterministically, such that repeated requests with the same &#x60;seed&#x60; and parameters should return the same result. Determinism is not guaranteed, and you should refer to the &#x60;system_fingerprint&#x60; response parameter to monitor changes in the backend.  |  [optional]
**serviceTier** | [**ServiceTierEnum**](#ServiceTierEnum) | Specifies the latency tier to use for processing the request. This parameter is relevant for customers subscribed to the scale tier service:   - If set to &#x27;auto&#x27;, the system will utilize scale tier credits until they are exhausted.   - If set to &#x27;default&#x27;, the request will be processed using the default service tier with a lower uptime SLA and no latency guarentee.   - When not set, the default behavior is &#x27;auto&#x27;.    When this parameter is set, the response body will include the &#x60;service_tier&#x60; utilized.  |  [optional]
**stop** | **OneOfCreateChatCompletionRequestStop** | Up to 4 sequences where the API will stop generating further tokens.  |  [optional]
**stream** | **Boolean** | If set, partial message deltas will be sent, like in ChatGPT. Tokens will be sent as data-only [server-sent events](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Server-sent_events/Using_server-sent_events#Event_stream_format) as they become available, with the stream terminated by a &#x60;data: [DONE]&#x60; message. [Example Python code](https://cookbook.openai.com/examples/how_to_stream_completions).  |  [optional]
**streamOptions** | [**ChatCompletionStreamOptions**](ChatCompletionStreamOptions.md) |  |  [optional]
**temperature** | [**BigDecimal**](BigDecimal.md) | What sampling temperature to use, between 0 and 2. Higher values like 0.8 will make the output more random, while lower values like 0.2 will make it more focused and deterministic.  We generally recommend altering this or &#x60;top_p&#x60; but not both.  |  [optional]
**topP** | [**BigDecimal**](BigDecimal.md) | An alternative to sampling with temperature, called nucleus sampling, where the model considers the results of the tokens with top_p probability mass. So 0.1 means only the tokens comprising the top 10% probability mass are considered.  We generally recommend altering this or &#x60;temperature&#x60; but not both.  |  [optional]
**tools** | [**List&lt;ChatCompletionTool&gt;**](ChatCompletionTool.md) | A list of tools the model may call. Currently, only functions are supported as a tool. Use this to provide a list of functions the model may generate JSON inputs for. A max of 128 functions are supported.  |  [optional]
**toolChoice** | [**ChatCompletionToolChoiceOption**](ChatCompletionToolChoiceOption.md) |  |  [optional]
**parallelToolCalls** | **Boolean** |  |  [optional]
**user** | **String** | A unique identifier representing your end-user, which can help OpenAI to monitor and detect abuse. [Learn more](/docs/guides/safety-best-practices/end-user-ids).  |  [optional]
**functionCall** | **OneOfCreateChatCompletionRequestFunctionCall** | Deprecated in favor of &#x60;tool_choice&#x60;.  Controls which (if any) function is called by the model. &#x60;none&#x60; means the model will not call a function and instead generates a message. &#x60;auto&#x60; means the model can pick between generating a message or calling a function. Specifying a particular function via &#x60;{\&quot;name\&quot;: \&quot;my_function\&quot;}&#x60; forces the model to call that function.  &#x60;none&#x60; is the default when no functions are present. &#x60;auto&#x60; is the default if functions are present.  |  [optional]
**functions** | [**List&lt;ChatCompletionFunctions&gt;**](ChatCompletionFunctions.md) | Deprecated in favor of &#x60;tools&#x60;.  A list of functions the model may generate JSON inputs for.  |  [optional]

<a name="ServiceTierEnum"></a>
## Enum: ServiceTierEnum
Name | Value
---- | -----
AUTO | &quot;auto&quot;
DEFAULT | &quot;default&quot;
